#Quiz: App Engine
--------------
True or false: App Engine just runs applications; it doesn't offer any services to the applications it runs.
	True.
V - False.
True or false: App Engine is a better choice for a web application than for long-running batch processing.
V -	True.
	False.

#Quiz : App Engine Flexible and Standard Environments
--------------
Which of these criteria would make you choose App Engine Flexible Environment, rather than Standard Environment, for your application? Choose all that are correct (2 correct responses).
Daily free usage quota
V -	Wider range of choices for application language
Finer-grained scaling
V -	Ability to ssh in

True or false: App Engine Flexible Environment applications let their owners control the geographic region where they run.
V -	True.
	False.
	
# Quiz : Applications in the Cloud
--------------
Which statements are true about App Engine? Choose all that are true (2 correct answers).
v -	It is possible for an App Engine application's daily billing to drop to zero.
	App Engine charges you based on the resources you pre-allocate rather than based on the resources you use.
	App Engine requires you to supply or code your own application load balancing and logging services.
	Developers who write for App Engine do not need to code their applications in any particular way to use the service.
V -	App Engine manages the hardware and networking infrastructure required to run your code.

You want to gradually decompose a pre-existing monolithic application, not implemented in GCP, into microservices. Which GCP service should you choose?
	Cloud Endpoints
V -	Apigee Edge

Name 3 advantages of using the App Engine Flexible Environment over App Engine Standard. Choose all that are true (3 correct answers).
V -	Your application can write to local disk
	Google provides automatic in-place security patches
V -	You can install third-party binaries
	Your application can execute code in background threads
V -	You can SSH in to your application

Name 3 advantages of using the App Engine Standard Environment over App Engine Flexible. Choose all that are true (3 correct answers).
V -	Billing can drop to zero if your application is idle
V -	Scaling is finer-grained
	You can choose any programming language
	You can install third-party binaries
V -	Google provides and maintains runtime binaries

You want to do business analytics and billing on a customer-facing API. Which GCP service should you choose?
	Cloud Endpoints
V -	Apigee Edge
You want to support developers who are building services in GCP through API logging and monitoring. Which GCP service should you choose?
	Apigee Edge
V -	Cloud Endpoints
