#Quiz : Containers
---------------
True or false: each container has its own instance of an operating system.
V -	False.
 	True

Containers are loosely coupled to their environments. What does that mean? Choose all the statements that are true. (3 correct answers)
	Containers package your application into equally sized components.
V -	Containers are easy to move around.
V -	Deploying a containerized application consumes less resources and is less error-prone than deploying an application in virtual machines.
	Containers don't require any particular runtime binary.
V -	Containers abstract away unimportant details of their environments.

#Quiz : Kubernetes
---------------
What is a Kubernetes cluster?
V -	A group of machines where Kubernetes can schedule workloads
	A group of containers that provide high availability for applications

What is a Kubernetes pod?
V -	A group of containers
	A group of nodes
	A group of clusters

#Quiz : Kubernetes Engine
---------------
True or false: Google keeps Kubernetes Engine refreshed with successive versions of Kubernetes.
	False.
V -	True.

Where do the resources used to build Kubernetes Engine clusters come from?
	App Engine
	Bare-metal servers
V -	Compute Engine

#Quiz : Containers, Kubernetes, and Kubernetes Engine
---------------
Does Google Cloud Platform offer its own tool for building containers (other than the ordinary docker command)?
V -	Yes; the GCP-provided tool is an option, but customers may choose not use it.
	Yes. Kubernetes Engine customers must use the GCP-provided tool.
	No; all customers use the ordinary docker command.

*True or False:* Kubernetes allows you to manage container clusters in multiple cloud providers.
	False
V -	True

In Kubernetes, what does "pod" refer to?
	A group of clusters that work together
	A popular management subsystem
	A popular logging subsystem
V -	A group of containers that work together

Identify two reasons for deploying applications using containers. (Choose 2 responses.)
	Tight coupling between applications and operating systems
V -	Simpler to migrate workloads
	No need to allocate resources in which to run containers
V -	Consistency across development, testing, production environments

*True or False:* Google Cloud Platform provides a secure, high-speed container image storage service for use with Kubernetes Engine.
	False
V -	True

Where do your Kubernetes Engine workloads run?
	In clusters that are built into GCP, not separately manageable
	In clusters implemented using Cloud Functions
	In clusters implemented using App Engine
V -	In clusters built from Compute Engine virtual machines